desktop/README.md, before:

# Desktop executable

Build a desktop implementation of Ordered-Covering by running `make` in this
directory.

The resulting executable can be called with:

```bash
$ ./ordered_covering in_file out_file [target length]
```

## Input/Output file format

Input and output files are expected to be binary serialisations of
[Rig-like routing table entries](http://rig.readthedocs.org/en/stable/routing_table_tools_doctest.html#routingtableentry-and-routes-routing-table-data-structures)
in the form:

```c
typedef struct _entry
{
  uint32_t key;
  uint32_t mask;
  uint32_t source;  // Mask of links/cores from which packets may originate
  uint32_t route;   // Mask of links/cores to which packets should be sent
} entry_t;
```

**NOTE**: The `source` field is currently ignored and will be returned blank,
indicating that the entry should never be removed to be handled to by default
routing.

If a target length is provided then minimisation will stop once the table is at
most as long as the target, otherwise the table will be minimised as far as
possible.

Commit message:

Add C implementation of m-Trie minimiser
See: S. Ahmad and R. N. Mahapatra, "An Efficient Approach to On-Chip
Logic Minimization," in IEEE Transactions on Very Large Scale
Integration (VLSI) Systems, vol. 15, no. 9, pp. 1040-1050, Sept. 2007.

Only a desktop implementation is included in this commit, a SpiNNaker
version could be put together easily.

desktop/README.md, after:

# Desktop executable

Build desktop implementations of Ordered-Covering and m-Trie by running `make`
in this directory.

The resulting executables can be called with:

```bash
$ ./ordered_covering in_file out_file [target length]
$ ./mtrie in_file out_file
```

## Input/Output file format

Input and output files are expected to be binary serialisations of
[Rig-like routing table entries](http://rig.readthedocs.org/en/stable/routing_table_tools_doctest.html#routingtableentry-and-routes-routing-table-data-structures)
in the form:

```c
typedef struct _entry
{
  uint32_t key;
  uint32_t mask;
  uint32_t source;  // Mask of links/cores from which packets may originate
  uint32_t route;   // Mask of links/cores to which packets should be sent
} entry_t;
```

**NOTE**: The `source` field is currently ignored and will be returned blank,
indicating that the entry should never be removed to be handled to by default
routing.

If a target length is provided then minimisation will stop once the table is at
most as long as the target, otherwise the table will be minimised as far as
possible.
